Introduce unscheduled (UCOF) series (#127)
clearhaus/gateway-api-docs: source/index.html.md

## Series of transactions

Clearhaus supports two types of subscription billing:

> * Recurring: Transactions processed at agreed predetermined, regular intervals not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Recurring: Transactions processed at agreed, predetermined, regular intervals not
```

    exceeding 1 year; e.g. a monthly subscription for a magazine.

> * Unscheduled (UCOF, Unscheduled Credential on File): Transactions that does not
>     occur on predetermined, regular intervals; e.g. a car sharing subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Unscheduled (UCOF, Unscheduled Credential on File): Transactions not occurring
    on predetermined, regular intervals; e.g. a car sharing subscription
```

  <dt>
    series[type]

>     <span class="type">(<code>recurring</code>|<code>unscheduled</code>)</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <span class="type"><code>(recurring|unscheduled)</code></span>
```

Author: Is that how it's formatted elsewhere? (I thought I followed the standard of how it's done elsewhere, but I'm probably wrong 🙂)

Reviewer: You're right. It's formatted with blended code and non-code in other places. Let's just keep it that way. I don't understand, however, why someone chose to not include the parentheses and the pipe inside `<code>` in the first place.

Reviewer: Looking at it rendered, I acknowledge that it might have some value that the possible keywords (here "recurring" and "unscheduled") are emphasized rather than being grey like with the other regular expressions. Strictly speaking, we are (ab)using regular expression syntax, so consistency dictates 100% greyness, however, it has to be weighed against the value of emphasized values, and I tend to say the latter "wins".

Author: I agree completely, but I think I'll just follow whatever is apparently the default to avoid scope creep 🙂

  </dt>
  <dd>
    The type of series.
    <br />
    <code>recurring</code>: A series of transactions where the cardholder has
    explicitly agreed that the merchant may repeatedly charge the cardholder at
    regular, predetermined intervals that may not exceed 1 year.
    <br />
    <code>unscheduled</code>: A series of transactions where the cardholder has
    explicitly agreed that the merchant may repeatedly charge the cardholder at

>     unknown times, e.g. based on cardholder usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    non-predetermined times, e.g. based on cardholder usage.
```
